This is the list of known error prefixes (see err.h), it is the BBB
part of the error tags of the form ABBBnnnC.  BBB means, it shall be 3
letters or longer.  Reservations must be 2 letters long at minimum,
longer are preferred.  You can add as many letters to your reservation
as you like (so if you have ZZ you can use prefixes ZZA to ZZZ as you
like, too.  As a general rule of thumb, all the prefixes must not end
in a number).  If global bigger projects (like Perl or PHP) want to
reserve a single letter to allocate their own prefixes, I will support
this.  Some recommendations are already present (not that I think that
anybody ever in this universe will request such a prefix from me).

Pre-Allocations are from me for all the standard Internet
organizations.

A	Pre-Allocated to ianA (Alternate usage)
B	unused
C	Pre-Allocated to ISO Countries, add CC, examples:
CCN	China
CDE	Germany
CUS	USA
D	(recommended: Database type service)
E	unused
F	unused
G	(recommended: Gnome)
H	unused
I	Pre-Allocated to Iana (Internet usage)
J	(recommended: Java)
K	(recommended: Kde)
L	unused
M	Pre-Allocated to Military, add CC, examples:
MCN	Chinese military
MDE	German military
MUS	USA military
N	unused
O	(recommended: open-source projects)
P	partly unused
PG	Online Games
PL	(recommended: PerL)
PP	(recommended: PhP)
PY	(recommended: PYthon)
Q	(recommended: HAM radio)
R	Pre-Allocated to RIPE for AfriNIC, APNIC, ARIN, LACNIC, RIPE NCC
S	(recommended: Shell level)
T	reserved for http://www.scylla-charybdis.com/
TL	TinoLib, general library prefix, see err-tino.txt
TT	TinoTool, general program prefix, see err-tino.txt
U	(recommended: gnU)
V	unused
W	(recommended: Microsoft Windows)
X	(recommended: X-Window project)
Y	(recommended: rubY)
Z	unused

_	local, undefined, will be never reserved, known usages:
(none)

Allocations starting with a number do exist, too, as a special
extension.  Numbers are listed below.  Be sure to add a letter after
your number prefix, as adding a number (or adding nothing) would
create ambiguities:

0	reserved for extension
1	OID under 1.3.6.1.4.1 follows.  Example: 1.3.6.1.4.1.2 is
	allocated to IBM, so IBM automatically owns following prefix:
	12x where x is any letter.  x must not be a number, else it
	will collide with OIDs of the form 1.3.6.1.4.1.2x
2 to 9	reserved for other global number schemes I am not aware of

